Blazing Dominion burns bright with fantastic and fearsome new cards you won’t want to miss!
Blazing Dominion burns bright with fantastic and fearsome new cards you won’t want to miss, starting off with Fairy Tails, Anna Kaboom, and the Master of Faster himself!

(Hopefully you’ve picked up your copies of Structure Deck: The Crimson King. Now is the time to sleeve those cards up and blaze your way to victory, just like the King of the Blazing Dominion, Jack Atlas!)

Kicking off with the big boys, of course we’ve got gigantic Jack-themed Synchro Monsters! When you Synchro Summon the Level 8 DARK Dragon, The Crimson King (seen on the left), you can add any card from your Deck to your hand that mentions “Red Dragon Archfiend”. And then, as a Quick Effect, you can banish it to Synchro Summon an actual Red Dragon Archfiend from your Extra Deck, double its ATK, and make it immune to your opponent’s destruction effects!

Crimson Blader is also back, as a Level 7 Synchro Monster with endless potential (seen on the right)! It can Special Summon, or add to your hand, any Level 8 or higher monster that cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. That means you could grab a Level 8 Ritual Monster right from your Deck and add it to your hand, or Special Summon back a Level 8 Fusion or Synchro Monster in your Graveyard. As a bonus, the new Crimson Blader also automatically destroys any Level 5 or higher monster it battles!

To help unleash these spicy new Synchro Monsters, we’ve also got new building blocks. Check out the new Power Vice Dragon as an example. You can Special Summon it from your hand if you have no monsters, or if you have only DARK Synchro Monsters. When Special Summoned, it adds any “Resonator” monster from your Deck to your hand. And if you Synchro Summon Red Dragon Archfiend using Power Vice Dragon, it cannot be destroyed by battle!

CHOO! CHOO! ALL ABOARD! The Jack cards are great (what else would you expect?), but Anna Kaboom is back again to strut her stuff!

Get hyped for two new Level 10 EARTH Machines that make it easier than ever to set up pairs of Level 10 monsters (for an easy Xyz Summon) or just Summon directly and quickly from the Extra Deck.

Two new Rank 10 Superdreadnought Xyz Monsters also just rolled out of the shop with an arsenal of new weapons. One gives you an extra Machine Normal Summon each turn and lets you add any EARTH Machine or “Barrage Blast” to your hand when Xyz Summoned. It can also fire off its Xyz Materials to blow up Spell and Trap Cards. The other Superdreadnought can negate an opponent’s monster effect and watch it go KABOOM right in their face!

Train lovers get a new Spell Card, too. It can add Special Schedule or Urgent Schedule to your hand and places a Token monster on your opponent’s field…which means they have more monsters than you, so you can use Urgent Schedule on your first turn!

“Fairy Tail” monsters are back for a brand-new chapter! The new Level 4 “Fairy Tail” monster is like an instant index, grabbing any “Fairy Tail” Spell/Trap right out of your Deck and into your hand.

They also get a new Equip Spell Card that lets you Fusion Summon! You read that right: there are two new “Fairy Tail” Fusion Monsters in this set! You won’t want to make any noise in this library, because these keepers of stories are quite powerful! One can Special Summon any “Fairy Tail” monster from your Deck or banishment, and the other can negate any card or effect!

But there’s another story, too, a Rank 4 Xyz Monster! The twist in this tale is that even though it is DARK, it protects your LIGHT “Fairy Tail” monsters, can fill up your Graveyard with “Fairy Tail” cards, and even bookmark its place to return itself to the last place you left off.

Of course, there are still even more amazing cards to be revealed in Blazing Dominion so make sure to keep an eye out! (And wow, those sounds from the Dinosaur lab keep getting louder….)

Blazing Dominion contains:

10 Secret Rares
14 Ultra Rares
26 Super Rares
50 Commons
(25 cards available as Starlight Rares!)
 
Set contents and names are subject to change