PhaiDei

But...if there's a chance in the next life, you should come visit my library.
—Mydei to Phainon in 'Light Slips the Gate, Shadow Greets the Throne' Trailblaze Mission

PhaiDei is the slash ship between Phainon and Mydeimos from the Honkai: Star Rail fandom.

Fanon
The ship first gained traction before Amphoreus was even released thanks to leaks, primarily the "Victory In a Blink" light cone. It then gained further popularity following the 3.0 patch, which then boomed following the release of the 3.1 patch. In the 3.0 trailblaze mission, many fans felt as though they were third-wheeling Mydei and Phainon whenever they were both on screen. This feeling was further intensified as the 3.1 patch dove deeper into their relationship, showing the intricacies of their bond. Their mutual respect and equal standing, as well as the childish rivalry they display only with one another, had many fans immediately fall for their dynamic.

Fanon Interpretation

Their contrasting personalities are highlighted through their color schemes and garments: Phainon's color palette mostly consists of blue and he is heavily clothed, while Mydei is very loosely dressed, chest exposed, his color palette mostly red.

Phainon and Mydei's in-game character designs

When inverting their colors in their introduction art, they also match each others' colors, which is a common design choice used by Hoyoverse for pairs.

Where you'd think the character with the warm color palette would be the rowdier one, it's in fact the opposite — Mydei is more often level-headed, rational, and cautious. Phainon, on the other hand, is quicker to impulsive decisions, even being warned about it by Aglaea. However, this doesn't mean that Mydei is cold and that Phainon wears his heart on his sleeves. Mydei can be clumsy when expressing himself, but is always genuine in everything he says, honest and caring to a fault. Phainon is much more at ease in social situations, truly fitting the role of a "Deliverer", and a hero. However, he has trouble opening up to even his closest friends, only offering vague words when he does choose to open up. This is most prominent in the 3.1 Trailblaze Mission, where Mydei tells Phainon of his past with detail, but Phainon doesn't elaborate much on his own — he doesn't even explain who Cyrene is, despite mentioning her by name.


We can also found parallels between PhaiDei and Mydei's parents, Gorgo and Eurypon. Pointed out by tumblr user starcurtain in their post 'Comparing Phaidei and Other Hoyo MLM Ships (Part 1)' :

"Mydei's parents met when Gorgo challenged Eurypon at the Kremnos Festival. They fought for ten rounds, determined that they were (what do you know) perfect equals, and Eurypon proposed on the spot. Eurypon is explicitly described as a swordmaster, while Gorgo used a spear.

Later, the game repeatedly (and in various separate instances), emphasizes that Mydei and Phainon's first meeting consisted of a duel lasting ten days and ten nights, where neither of them could secure the victory, proving them to also be each other's perfect equals. Phainon's role as Okhema's swordmaster is emphasized, while Mydei wields a spear just like his mother when killing his father and after taking on Nikador's divinity.

Then there's... everything that came after. Eurypon betrayed Gorgo, effectively stabbing her in the back, and took her life. The foreshadowing that Phainon will do this exact same thing to Mydei is unmissable."

Many have also noticed that Nikador and many of the titakin resemble Phainon's color scheme. Specifically Nikador, whose boss model is also used to represent Mydei, has a very similar coat to Phainon. Both being blue with gold lining.

Their hands from their Drip Marketing also form a heart when edited together.

Phaidei heart
When overlapped, they have the same sky in the background of their splash arts.

Advertisement
Fan Theories
"Phainon gave Mydei his necklace, armband and earirings."
There are a number of popular theories that involve Phainon and Mydei. One that is particularly common is that Phainon is the one who gave Mydei his necklace, arm band, and earring. Some think it may have just been Mydei's earring given by Phainon while others think it was the whole jewelry set. The reasoning behind this theory is that Mydei had different jewelry when seen in a flashback with his friends. However when he killed his father, he was seen garbed in new attire. This included his jewelry being swapped out for a new set that includes bright blue gemstones, ones that are very similar to the color of Phainon's eyes. There are also 10 total blue gemstones combined, 10 being a number commonly occurring between PhaiDei. Phainon also has shown to have a hobby in appraisal.

Fan-Content
In fan content, a dog [Phainon] and a cat/lion [Mydei], or respectively gray/blue and orange/red chimeras, are often used as animal versions for them. This depiction of the two can also be found in promotional content in the 3.0 livestream update, where it showcased two chimeras with similar colors to Phainon and Mydei bantering.
A PhaiDei event was posted by Lofter's official account, named "Fated to Love"